yes let's tell back to reality real
quick this way I thought I would start
the video what you see on screen here is
reality this is not Twitter beef this is
not YouTube drama this is how the real
world works dsk is how people abbreviate
his name Dominique strauss-kahn had sex
with a hotel cleaning staff employee
that much he admits to that they did
have sex she alleges it was rape guess
what those charges were dropped not even
because she lied about the rape she lied
about some completely unrelated things
she lied on her tax paperwork she can't
see that stay on the bottom your bar on
the screen
she lied saying she had a second child
in order to I guess pay lower taxes I
don't know I assume there's some kind of
bonus and the government or something so
she lied on her taxes and this is the
real world we live in if you lie to the
government if you lie to the authorities
about anything it discredits you about
everything there were a lot of lies and
internal inconsistencies within or
vegans video and within the paperwork
they submitted to various authorities
their stories keep changing and guess
what that means you have no case that
means you've just credit yourself even
if it's totally unrelated and look if
this woman were telling the truth of
course you have to regard this as a
tragedy say guess what we live on a
planet called planet Earth where if you
lie to the government about your taxes
you can be raped with impunity and the
rapist will get away with it because
your word isn't worth [ __ ] under oath in
a court of law
parents should teach their children this
I am Canadian citizen when I arrived at
the border in Canada last time I was
interrogated for more than an hour and
they were as vicious
intimidating as they could be which by
my standards is maybe a six out of ten
they really didn't know who they were
trying to tough talk to who it's like
I've interrogated by I've been
interrogated by worse than hew homie
it was very denigrating it was very
insulting topic for another video guess
what I didn't lie at one point one of
the people interrogating me she was she
wasn't in the front she was kind of
standing there like again you think it's
hard facing down five cops in town they
were like five or six people involved in
this all the boiler cards uh-huh
one of them he showed it like honestly
enough with exasperation she showed it
at me she said why didn't you just lie
you could tell us you work for the
circus it wouldn't matter why don't you
just tell us something reassuring so
that parts that parts exam not sure if
she actually said why don't you just lie
but she definitely used the exact word
she said you could tell us you work for
the circus it wouldn't matter she's
encouraging me to lie she said just say
something reassuring now I'm saying like
no I ain't gonna lie I'm telling you the
truth you know what I mean I interrogate
me all you want you know you can't take
my sent my code of honor my sense of
dignity I ain't lyin okay even though
we'll be more convenient for you more
convenient for me I'm gonna sit here and
do and be interrogated I'm gonna do what
I have to do because of my sense of
personal integrity and guess what the
record here on YouTube shows nor vegan
lies durianrider lies vegan Ava lies
little cheetah lies he's changed his
name again all these people lied about
me and every single time I mean and I
don't get a lot of apologies from people
in the audience the dust settles cover
months later and it's really obvious to
everyone who was lying and who was
telling the truth and you know what
there's an alternative to lying and that
really came up in that interrogation one
of the alternatives to lying is to say
I'm sorry I refuse to answer your
question you can say I exercise my right
to myself that is an option whether
you're dealing with the cops or you're
dealing with YouTube you could say look
guys I got to draw a line here there's
some things in my personal life I'm not
going to talk about that's also cool
that's not lying everyone involved here
as the option to do that okay so
dsk there were two lies here mentioned
in this brief summary on screen and the
other one here I draw your attention to
is that she her account does not really
coherently explain what happened after
the crime after the alleged rape so sir
I guess I just ran out of space on
screen and all that much anyway even you
can look it up New York Times New York
Post etc so one of the other problems
was the sequence of events some of which
are on security cameras it's a fancy
hotel there a lot of security cameras
around
where was she and what did she do after
the rape and she did lie about that and
that was proven now again you can say oh
well that doesn't prove anything about
what happened during the rape right but
it discredits you okay so this is the
real world this is not Twitter this is
not YouTube this is how the authorities
operate what have we got here on screen
I can show you all these documents info
November 12th 2015 everybody's cool with
everybody look at that hannah has
interacted with durianrider in a
friendly way face to face in person in
the real world repeatedly since the
night when they had sex she has
interacted with and spoken to freely his
ex-girlfriend via skype via email that's
all documented we know about that
they're cool and now so much time has
passed since the the brief fling hannah
and turn right her had she's writing to
him saying in this friendly way she's
gonna put more cleavage in her
thumbnails and videos and again because
I knew Hannah before nor vegan did okay
this is who she really was she says I
want YouTube success she wants YouTube
success in what she was doing was
basically cloning freelee and
durianrider x' business model that she
was trying to sell ebooks and she was
trying to have sexy videos the whole
story is real
on screen here the whole true story as
of November 12 2015 is on screen here in
one little email okay she did have sex
with durianrider
whether it was good bad or indifferent
she and him had patched it up and moved
on and were friendly she and Frehley had
talked to each other and patched up move
on and durianrider and Frehley had
patched it up got back together and move
on right the first mention of anything
like rape in the legal documents I can
find is August 10th 2016 I'll show you
the whole document here but this is real
vague and real brief and before this the
problem is all the documents it's not
just that there's no mention of rape
she's insisting in the legal documents
and the documents sent to the
authorities sorry I shouldn't you say
legal dark some of these are emails sent
to the police emails sent to the embassy
they're communications with the
authorities she's saying the same thing
to them that she said to me which I
assume is the truth she said during
Ryder is complaining that I've accused
him of rape and in reality I never made
that accusation it would be a slight
exaggeration to say that this evidence
has been presented to you the audience
nor vigan delayed for as long as
possible
sharing this with the audience and then
when he did share it it pops up on
screen for just a split second and most
of the people concerned including
complete imbeciles like Richard you know
him as vegan gains the vast majority
people just swept up with emotion they
were just so overwhelmed that spooky
music that he's playing in the
background and the little clips of
youtubers who are like not even
psychiatric experts talking about how
their ex-girlfriend her ex-boyfriend was
a narcissist he puts this together such
a way and then
oh yeah and guys here's the evidence
click click click done in half a second
this goes past on story
and guys it takes a second it takes a
second to stop look at the timestamp and
think about what's going on here in
their original call for donations to
support their court case and at that
time both publicly and privately Hannah
Chloe's only claim was of defamation
okay defamation and basically the
emotional impact of durianrider
cyberbullying her saying mean things
about her on the Internet
August of 2016 and even worse this is
August 24th of 2016 just a few days
earlier she was writing to the same
person she was writing to the same New
Zealand embassy August 10th and that we
have just that one little sentence
fragment suggesting that there was
something like sexual assault
here we go August 24th later and in it
seems like she has amnesia and guys it's
not really me saying this you have to
imagine that ultimately the point here
is not to grandstand on Twitter or
grandstanding on YouTube the point is
she would have to sit up and testify in
a court of law and be cross-examined by
a lawyer who would be much nastier than
I am and would say look do you have
amnesia why are there these
inconsistencies in these documents when
I compare one to the other from a few of
our guys this case would never make it
to a court of law
partly because of these inconsistencies
there's so much wrong with this case you
would never have your day in court and
if you did you would have no case nor
vegan maybe that's what your lawyers
told you and you're being dishonest with
your audience and maybe your lawyers
were dishonest with you I doubt it
because dude you've been dishonest about
everything top to bottom front to back
look real close at the text here
on-screen that's underlined in red her
main point at this juncture is that
she's offended that durianrider would
dare to say that she called him a rapist
how can you possibly stand up in court
and see that you had a defamation
complaint because you were offended
that your rapist said that you called
him a rapist and now you are calling him
a rapist just take a minute
the basis of her complaint is first
underlying he claims that I have called
him a rapist okay she also says that
she's offended that he says that they
had adult consensual sex but there's no
statement here look further down on the
page from 1:30 1 to 2 minutes he
continues to say that I have accused him
of raping me and he uses that to ask the
public if my subsequent behavior is what
someone who had been raped would do okay
but you're not making a case of this
completely undermines your claim that
you actually were raped and the lawyer
would have to ask you well what did you
suddenly have amnesia
why is your story changing between the
10th and the 24th when you go to
Thailand versus New Zealand versus
Australia indeed in even the contrast in
what she said to me what she said too
freely what she said on YouTube there
are so many contradictions and guys real
quick here's another where she's saying
exactly the same things that she said at
the start of the case she's gone back to
the same story she used way back when
she started the fundraiser but this is
January of 2017 and inexplicably she has
even more amnesia than before she just
says that she has videos and screenshots
of hate speech blackmail and death
threats well why why didn't rape or
sexual assault disappear here Hanna guys
this would never stand up in court
simply put you have no case can you
imagine a lawyer in the courtroom
putting up an email like this on screen
say ok this is your follow up email
after your meeting with members of the
New Zealand embassy to Thailand I don't
know if that was by Skype or what what
kind of meeting this was ok gee you seem
to have amnesia this is August 2016 you
seem to have forgotten that you were
sexually assaulted or raped the whole
emphasis of this email is about you
clearing your name that you never
insinuated vide it right what is the
basis of the defamation charge he said
he had sex with you
you're not in
the you had consensual sex you are
denying that he raped you we have legal
documents and the lawyer just has to
stand there and say well were you lying
before were you lying after because no
matter which story you're trying to
present to the court now you were lying
both before and after okay the level of
inconsistency mendacity homie you have
no case this is my youtube channel so in
closing let's bring it back to me nor
vegan lies and misrepresents and
stretches the truth at every stage when
he sits down and talks to my
ex-father-in-law Pete grandpa Pete
grandpa Pete says repeatedly that he has
known me for nine years nor vegan never
challenges this by asking oh when was
the last time you talked to him do you
know what the answer would be nine years
ago so Pete says I've known eyes'll for
nine years and I've never seen him
speaking Chinese Norfolk and you have my
resume you can you can also just google
me look at my email look at my blog look
at my Twitter this look at my Facebook
group for people vegans learning Chinese
it's a lot of evidence about my studying
Chinese the precise timeline of when it
stopped and started so see this is
somebody who met me in person once nine
years ago and I started learning Chinese
several years after that unique meeting
how could he have possibly seen me
speaking Chinese how would he have any
sense of how well or how poorly I speak
Chinese when I started studying Chinese
at the time I broke up with my ex-wife
to simplify a little bit we split up I
was in Taiwan I started planning to move
back to Victoria those
very first baby steps in learning
Chinese and the very first videos you'll
see on this YouTube channel with the
learning Chinese so like what am I
supposed to say in response to this is
this a lie like it's just surreal the
misrepresentation of who he is and how
he knows me and what he knows about my
divorce or my career and nor vegan is
sitting there with a copy of my resume
knowing my whole work history so I just
have no idea what how this guy are look
I have no idea what university degree do
you think he has you know you know
you're lying
and misrepresenting at every stage you
have no sense of honor integrity decency
neither when it comes to me and my
relationship with my five-year-old
daughter you will sink that low and
slander me when it comes to my custody
case my court case is my ex-wife might
have work you have no sense attending
honor and so would it be any surprise if
you would sink so low as to lying on the
record in a rape case homie you've hung
yourself by your own rope it wouldn't be
hard for anyone to prove in court even
just by using the emails and verbal
statements you have in your own video
that you have lied in your own words
Hannah Chloe never even thought she had
been raped until you convinced her that
she had been raped yeah I'm gonna play
the clip right now
Hannah Chloe whose idea was it for her
to make that video it was your idea you
forced her to do it according to WHO
according to you I don't think she'd
fall in you that's yet been read but
when I cannot just repeat it she she
can't realize that there I think I knew
about this long before Hannah made her
video in fact I was the one who
pressured her to make her video and
fourth I also won't do pressure to make
her video I tried to like pressure her
to tell me what what was going on for
sure
we won't let his moral Chicana just made
me promise to not make a big deal out of
it but would
[Music]